REST APIs for Token Management, Support BasicAuth Specifically for Token Generation (#1551)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.3.md

Python 3.10 is officially supported by Nautobot now, and we are building and publishing Docker images with Python 3.10 now.

> #### REST API Token Provisioning ([#1374](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1374))

Reviewer: Alphabetically I think `REST API` comes after `Regular Expression`.

Introduce the `/api/users/tokens/` REST API endpoint, which includes a child endpoint that can be employed by a user to provision a new REST API token. This allows a user to gain REST API access without needing to first create a token via the web UI.

```
$ curl -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json; indent=4" \
-u "hankhill:I<3C3H8" \
https://nautobot/api/users/tokens/
```

> Basic Authentication is provided by this endpoint exclusively but also support other configured authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint specifically supports Basic Authentication in addition to the other REST API authentication methods.

```

- [#1109](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1109) - Added pagination support for GraphQL list queries.
- [#1255](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/1255) - Added Python 3.10 support.
- [#1350](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1350) - Added missing methods on Circuit Termination detail view.

> - [#1374](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1374) - Added REST API Token Provisioning. (Port of [NetBox #6592](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/pull/6592) and subsequent fixes)

Reviewer: This belongs under the 1.3.0b2 section, not 1.3.0b1.
